Mhassanin/feature dashboadrs cli (#46)
NarmathaBala/vsts-extension-retrospectives: CONTRIBUTING.md

     }
     ```

## Application Monitoring and Telemetry

> 1. The Retro tool uses [Azure Applicatin Insights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview) to capture application logs, telemtry and performace data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Retro tool uses [Azure Application Insights](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/app/app-insights-overview) to capture application logs, telemetry and performance data.
```

Minor spelling fixes.

Author: resolved

> 2. A custom Azure portal is deployed as part of the backend deployment script that enables real time monitoring of the application. The dashboard include various useful telemtry data such as number of active user sessions, histogram of React Components visisted, HTTP requests made, page load times, backend and front end exceptions and other useful information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A custom Azure portal is deployed as part of the backend deployment script that enables real time monitoring of the application. The dashboard includes useful telemetry data such as number of active user sessions, histogram of React Components visited, HTTP requests made, page load times, backend and front end exceptions and other metrics.
```

Minor spelling fixes and word smithing.

Author: resolved
